Gateio stoploss on exchange (#6513)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/exchanges.md

## Gate.io

!!! Tip "Stoploss on Exchange"

>     Binance supports `stoploss_on_exchange` and uses `stop-loss-limit` orders. It provides great advantages, so we recommend to benefit from it by enabling stoploss on exchange..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gate.io supports `stoploss_on_exchange` and uses `stop-loss-limit` orders. It provides great advantages, so we recommend to benefit from it by enabling stoploss on exchange..
```
